Update system-requirements.md (#210)
canonical/ubuntu-server-documentation: reference/installation/system-requirements.md

**Minimum storage**: 5 GB (ISO installs)
**Minimum storage**: 4 GB (cloud images)

> In theory you could go even lower, like `2.5G` for cloud image installs, but in practise it's quite likely that your system might need more disk storage than that to be really useful to you. Your setup plans could be more complex or you need more software to be installed, that could lead to increased storage needs. To cover better for any of those scenarios:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In theory you could go even lower, like 2.5 GB for cloud image installs, but in practise it's quite likely that your system will need more disk storage than that to be really useful. Your setup plans could be more complex or you need more software to be installed, that could lead to increased storage needs. To cover better for any of those scenarios:
```
